Revise AAC templates for consistency and latest guidance (#48)
MicrosoftDocs/content-templates: templates/org/aac/aac-example-workload-content.md

<!-- 
- Don't add metadata to this Markdown file. Use the browser header template to create a YAML file for your metadata. 
- Add a brief introductory paragraph with no heading. 
-->

## Architecture

<!-- Use the following format to add your diagram. -->

> :::image type="content" border="false" source="./images/<file-name>.png" alt-text="Diagram that shows the <solution name> architecture." lightbox="./images/<file-name>.png":::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::image type="complex" source="./images/<file-name>.png" alt-text="Diagram that shows the <solution name> architecture." lightbox="./images/<file-name>.png":::
    <long description here>
:::image-end:::
```

<!-- The following link will work after the AAC team uploads your Visio or PowerPoint file to the Azure CDN. -->

*Download a [Visio file](https://arch-center.azureedge.net/<file-name>.vsdx) of this architecture.*

### Dataflow

<!-- If your scenario doesn't include data, title this section "Workflow". -->

The following dataflow corresponds to the previous diagram:

<!-- Add a numbered list for the steps in your architecture diagram. -->

### Components

<!-- 
- Add a bulleted list of all components in the architecture. 

> - Where possible, link to the component's Well-Architected Framework service guide. Alternatively, link to the product page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Where possible, link to the component's Well-Architected Framework service guide. Alternatively, link to the product's documentation page.
```

-->

### Reliability
<!--REQUIRED STATEMENT: If you use this section, include the following statement:-->

Reliability helps ensure that your application can meet the commitments that you make to your customers. For more information, see [Design review checklist for Reliability](/azure/well-architected/reliability/checklist).

<!-- Explain resiliency and availability considerations. -->

### Security
<!--REQUIRED STATEMENT: If you use this section, include the following statement:-->

Security provides assurances against deliberate attacks and the misuse of your valuable data and systems. For more information, see [Design review checklist for Security](/azure/well-architected/security/checklist).

<!-- Explain security, identity, and data sovereignty considerations. -->

### Cost Optimization

<!-- REQUIRED: This section and the following statement are required. -->

Cost Optimization focuses on ways to reduce unnecessary expenses and improve operational efficiencies. For more information, see [Design review checklist for Cost Optimization](/azure/well-architected/cost-optimization/checklist).

<!-- 
- Explain Cost Optimization considerations. 

> - Link to the pricing calculator (https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/calculator). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Link to the pricing calculator (https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/calculator) with this architecture pre-populated. 
```

- Include the major cost-driving components, a typical scale or throughput, and recommended SKUs. 
-->

### Operational Excellence

<!--REQUIRED STATEMENT: If you use this section, include the following statement:-->

Operational Excellence covers the operations processes that deploy an application and keep it running in production. For more information, see [Design review checklist for Operational Excellence](/azure/well-architected/operational-excellence/checklist).

<!-- Explain Operational Excellence considerations. -->

### Performance Efficiency

<!--REQUIRED STATEMENT: If you use this section, include the following statement:-->

Performance Efficiency refers to your workload's ability to scale to meet user demands efficiently. For more information, see [Design review checklist for Performance Efficiency](/azure/well-architected/performance-efficiency/checklist).

<!-- Explain key performance considerations, beyond the typical. -->

## Contributors

<!-- This section is expected but optional if the contributors prefer to omit it. -->

*Microsoft maintains this article. The following contributors wrote this article.*

> Principal authors: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Principal authors:
```

<!-- List the primary authors alphabetically by last name. -->

> - [Author 1 Name](https://linkedin.com/in/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
> - [Author 2 Name](https://linkedin.com/in/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Author 1 Name](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ProfileURL/) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
- [Author 2 Name](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ProfileURL/) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
```

> Other contributors: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other contributors:
```

<!--
- This section is optional. 
- List contributors and technical reviewers. 
-->

> - [Contributor 1 Name](https://linkedin.com/in/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
> - [Contributor 2 Name](https://linkedin.com/in/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Contributor 1 Name](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ProfileURL/) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
- [Contributor 2 Name](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ProfileURL/) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
```

<!-- 
- Don't add metadata to this Markdown file. Use the browser header template to create a YAML file for your metadata. 
- Before the "Architecture" heading, add a brief introductory paragraph with no heading. 
-->

## Architecture

<!-- Architecture diagram goes here. Use the following format:-->

:::image type="content" border="false" source="./images/<file-name>.png" alt-text="Diagram that shows the <solution name> architecture." lightbox="./images/<file-name>.png":::

<!-- The following link will work after the AAC team uploads your Visio or PowerPoint file to the Azure CDN. -->

*Download a [Visio file](https://arch-center.azureedge.net/<file-name>.vsdx) of this architecture.*

### Dataflow
<!--
- If your scenario doesn't include data, title this section "Workflow".
- Add a numbered list for the steps in your architecture diagram.
-->

The following dataflow corresponds to the previous diagram:

<!-- Example list:
1. Admin 1 adds, updates, or deletes an entry in Admin 1's fork of the Microsoft 365 configuration file.

> 2. Admin 1 commits and syncs the changes to Admin 1's forked repository.

Reviewer 2: I'd change the numbers in this list to the format:
1.
1.
1.
1.

3. Admin 1 creates a pull request to merge the changes to the main repository.
4. The build pipeline runs on the PR.
-->

### Components

<!-- 
- Add a bulleted list of all components in the architecture. 

> - Where possible, link to the component's Well-Architected Framework service guide. Alternatively, link to the product page.

Reviewer 2: Should this specify "Learn overview page" instead of "product page"? Or did that change?

- [Azure Cosmos DB for NoSQL](/azure/well-architected/service-guides/cosmos-db) is a …. In this architecture ….
- [Azure OpenAI](/azure/well-architected/service-guides/azure-openai) is a …. In this architecture ….
- [Log Analytics](/azure/well-architected/service-guides/azure-log-analytics) is a …. In this architecture ….
- [Azure Virtual Machines](/azure/well-architected/service-guides/virtual-machines) is a …. In this architecture ….

-->

### Alternatives

<!-- 
- List alternative Azure services or architectures for this solution. 
- Include reasons to choose these alternatives.
-->

## Scenario details

<!-- Explain the business problem and why this scenario was built to solve it. 

Questions this section can address:
- What services were used to build out this solution?
- What does this example scenario show? 
- What are the customer's goals?
- What are the benefits of implementing the solution?
-->

### Potential use cases

<!--
- List example use cases.
- Explain how similar or different these use cases are to the main scenario.
-->

> These other uses cases have similar design patterns:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These other use cases have similar design patterns:
```

Reviewer 2: This intro sentence doesn't quite align in my opinion. Maybe something like "This architecture best suits the following use cases:"

<!--List example use cases.-->

## Considerations
<!--REQUIRED STATEMENT: Include the following statement to introduce this section:-->

These considerations implement the pillars of the Azure Well-Architected Framework, which is a set of guiding tenets that you can use to improve the quality of a workload. For more information, see [Well-Architected Framework](/azure/well-architected/).

<!--

> - Describe any lessons learned from running this that would be helpful for new customers. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Describe any lessons learned from running this architecture that would be helpful for new customers. 
```

- Describe what went wrong and what went right when building it out. 

> - Describe how to manage, maintain, and monitor it long term.

Reviewer 2: I assume that these lines are describing what to write in the following sections. But it sounds like the author should add this content here, under the "Considerations" header. Maybe add "In the following sections:" on line 79.

Or maybe even remove entirely because each section includes its own guidance.

REQUIREMENTS:
- Include the **Cost Optimization** H3 section.
- Include at least two of the other H3 sub-sections, in the order shown below. 
-->

### Reliability
<!--REQUIRED STATEMENT: If you use this section, include the following statement:-->

> Reliability ensures that your application can meet the commitments you make to your customers. For more information, see [Design review checklist for Reliability](/azure/well-architected/reliability/checklist).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Reliability helps ensure that your application can meet the commitments that you make to your customers. For more information, see [Design review checklist for Reliability](/azure/well-architected/reliability/checklist).
```

Reviewer 2: There's a style guide entry that says not to make absolute promises or claims. But I can't find it right now.

<!--
- Include resiliency and availability considerations. These considerations can be H4 headers.

> - Describe any key resilience and reliability considerations that aren't typical.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Describe any key resilience and reliability considerations, beyond the typical.
```

-->

### Security
<!--REQUIRED STATEMENT: If you use this section, include the following statement:-->

> Security provides assurances against deliberate attacks and the abuse of your valuable data and systems. For more information, see [Design review checklist for Security](/azure/well-architected/security/checklist).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Security provides assurances against deliberate attacks and the misuse of your valuable data and systems. For more information, see [Design review checklist for Security](/azure/well-architected/security/checklist).
```

<!--
> Include identity and data sovereignty considerations.

> > Explain any security considerations (beyond the typical).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Explain any security considerations, beyond the typical.
```

> Include your Azure security baseline assessment recommendations.
-->

### Cost Optimization

<!-- REQUIRED: This section and the following statement are required. -->

> Cost Optimization is about looking at ways to reduce unnecessary expenses and improve operational efficiencies. For more information, see [Design review checklist for Cost Optimization](/azure/well-architected/cost-optimization/checklist).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cost Optimization focuses on ways to reduce unnecessary expenses and improve operational efficiencies. For more information, see [Design review checklist for Cost Optimization](/azure/well-architected/cost-optimization/checklist).
```

<!-- Address questions such as these:
- How much will this cost to run? (Don't give dollar amounts.)
- Are there ways to save costs?
- If it scales linearly, break it down by cost/unit. If it doesn't, why?
- What components make up the cost?
- How does scale affect the cost?

Link to the pricing calculator (https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/calculator). Include the major cost-driving components, a typical scale or throughput, and recommended SKUs. -->

### Operational Excellence

<!--REQUIRED STATEMENT: If you use this section, include the following statement:-->

Operational Excellence covers the operations processes that deploy an application and keep it running in production. For more information, see [Design review checklist for Operational Excellence](/azure/well-architected/operational-excellence/checklist).

<!--
How do customers need to think about operating this solution? 
Consider DevOps, monitoring, and diagnostics. 
-->

### Performance Efficiency

<!--REQUIRED STATEMENT: If you use this section, include the following statement:-->

> Performance Efficiency is the ability of your workload to scale to meet the demands placed on it by users in an efficient manner. For more information, see [Design review checklist for Performance Efficiency](/azure/well-architected/performance-efficiency/checklist).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Performance Efficiency refers to your workload's ability to scale to meet user demands efficiently. For more information, see [Design review checklist for Performance Efficiency](/azure/well-architected/performance-efficiency/checklist).
```

<!-- Explain key performance considerations, beyond the typical. -->

## Contributors

<!-- 
- This section is expected but optional if the contributors prefer to omit it. 
- Implement this format: 
-->

*This article is maintained by Microsoft. It was originally written by the following contributors.*

Principal authors: 

<!--

> - List the primary authors alphabetically and by last name. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- List the primary authors alphabetically by last name. 
```

- Use the *FirstName LastName* format.
-->

- [Author 1 Name](https://linkedin.com/in/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
- [Author 2 Name](https://linkedin.com/in/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"

Other contributors: 

<!--
- This section is optional. 
- List contributors and technical reviewers. 
-->

- [Contributor 1 Name](https://linkedin.com/in/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
- [Contributor 2 Name](https://linkedin.com/in/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"

> *To see non-public LinkedIn profiles, sign in to LinkedIn.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*To see nonpublic LinkedIn profiles, sign in to LinkedIn.*
```

Reviewer 2: Acrolinx flags this
